{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Trebuchet MS;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 trebuchet ms;}{\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f4\fnil Consolas;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red134\green154\blue168;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green102\blue204;\red0\green128\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}\viewkind4\psz1
{\*\jarte object RichPersist
  Version = 2
  LMarg = 1440
  RMarg = 1440
  TMarg = 1440
  BMarg = 1440
  Equal = True
  Orient = 1
  Size = 1
  Width = 2159
  Height = 2794
  HdrMarg = 720
  FtrMarg = 720
  HdrFont.Charset = DEFAULT_CHARSET
  HdrFont.Color = clWindowText
  HdrFont.Height = -11
  HdrFont.Name = 'Arial'
  HdrFont.Style = []
  Wrap = 2
  WMark = 'None'
  WColor = 13822463
  BlackInk = True
  Collate = True
  SpellDict = 'ssceam2.clx'
end
}\uc1 
\pard\cf1\kerning1\f0\fs28\lang1033 ISR.\fs8  \fs28 VI.\fs8  \kerning0\f1\fs28 VISA.\fs8  \fs28 Tsp.\fs8  \fs28 Tester\fs8  \fs12 TM\fs28 : Test Script Processor Library Tester.\par
\fs24 Revision-History\par
\ul\fs22\par

\pard\fi-2180\li2180\tx1080 Revision\ulnone\tab\ul Date\ulnone\tab\ul Description\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx1080\tx2160\ulnone\f2\fs20 4.0.5803\tab 11/21/15\tab New structures and name spaces. \par
\kerning1\f0 3.0.5092\tab 12/10/13\tab Working version.\par
3.0.5065\tab 11/13/13\tab Uses new Visa IO classes. Uses resource selector. Uses property changes to display state.\par
3.0.4710\tab 11/23/12\tab Removes .VB tags from assemblies.\par
3.0.4693\tab 11/06/12\tab Spell checked.\par
3.0.4504\tab 05/01/12\tab Adds x86 project. Upgraded to VS2010. Implements code analysis items.\par
3.0.4232\tab 08/03/11\tab Standardize code elements and documentation.\f3\par

\pard\fi-2160\li2160\tx1080\kerning0\f1 3.0.4213\tab 07/15/11\tab Simplifies the assembly information.\ul\par

\pard\fi-2180\li2180\tx1080\ulnone 3.0.3412\tab 05/06/09\tab Uses Foundation, Controls, and Windows Forms libraries.\par
3.0.3142\tab 08/08/08\tab Add diagnose mode to diagnose failure to connect at SEMTECH.\par
3.0.3142\tab 08/08/08\tab Add diagnose mode to diagnose failure to connect at SEMTECH.\par
3.0.3141\tab 08/07/08\tab Allow connecting i VISA failed fetching resources due to the VISA invalid setup error.\par
3.0.2958\tab 02/06/08\tab Upgrade to using Managed VISA and ISR.VISA.\par
2.0.2925\tab 01/04/08\tab Upgrade to .NET 3.5.\par
1.0.2853\tab 10/24/07\tab Update error raising code in methods with resume next clauses.\par
1.0.2685\tab 05/09/07\tab Turn off prompts and errors before disconnecting.\par
1.0.2616\tab 03/01/07\tab Created.\par

\pard\tx1080\par
\cf2 (c) 2007 Integrated Scientific Resources, Inc.  All rights reserved.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult0 Licensed under The MIT License.\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.\cf1\par

\pard\sb120\cf2\kerning1\f0 Windows programs were developed and tested using Microsoft\fs8  \fs20\'ae Visual Studio. Firmware for the instrument was \kerning0\f1 developed and tested using Eclipse \'ae from the {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.eclipse.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf3\ul Eclipse Foundation}}}}\cf0\f1\fs20 .\cf1\kerning1\f3\par

\pard\sb120\tx1080\cf2\kerning0\f1 Source code for this project is hosted on {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://bitbucket.org/davidhary"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Bit Bucket}}}}\f1\fs20 .\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\sb120\kerning1\f0 Open source used by this software is described and licensed on the following sites:\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\sb120\tx9000 Core Controls Library\line - Safe Events \cf1\f3 ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/KB/cs/EventSafeTrigger.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul code project}}}}\f3\fs20 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.DreamInCode.net/forums/user/334492-aeonhack/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul dream in code}}}}\f3\fs20 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.DreamInCode.net/code/snippet5016.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul dream in code}}}}\f3\fs20 )\line\cf2\f0 - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/cs/miscctrl/FlashLED.asp"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Flashing Led}}}}\f0\fs20\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/KB/edit/NumericUpDownEx.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Extended Numeric Up Down Control}}}}\f0\fs20\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/38758/An-Enhanced-PrintPreviewDialog"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Cool Print Preview Dialog}}}}\f0\fs20\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/804316/Office-Style-Splash-Screen"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Metro Style Progress Bar}}}}\cf1\kerning0\f1\fs20\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/1029499/ToggleSwitch-Winforms-Control"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Toggle Switch Control}}}}\cf2\kerning1\f0\fs20\par
Core Pith Library\line - Safe Events \cf1\f3 ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/KB/cs/EventSafeTrigger.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul code project}}}}\f3\fs20 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.DreamInCode.net/forums/user/334492-aeonhack/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul dream in code}}}}\f3\fs20 , {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.DreamInCode.net/code/snippet5016.htm"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul dream in code}}}}\f3\fs20 )\line\cf2\f0 - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/KB/cs/LetYourFormDropAShadow.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Drop Shadow and Fade From}}}}\cf1\kerning0\f1\fs20\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\tx9000\cf2\kerning1\f0 - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://WallaceKelly.BlogSpot.com/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Engineering Format}}}}\f0\fs20\par
- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/KB/cs/efficient_strong_enum.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Efficient Strong Enumerations}}}}\cf5\kerning0\f4\fs22\par
\cf2\kerning1\f0\fs20 - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/Articles/37921/Enums-Flags-and-CSharp-Oh-my-bad-pun.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Enumeration Extensions}}}}\f0\fs20\par
- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/17472/StringEnumerator"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul String Enumerator}}}}\f0\fs20\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\sb120\tx9000 Core Message Box Library\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://stackoverflow.com/questions/899350/how-to-copy-the-contents-of-a-string-to-the-clipboard-in-c"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Safe Copy from Clipboard}}}}\f0\fs20\par

\pard\sb120 Core Forms Library\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.CodeProject.com/KB/cs/LetYourFormDropAShadow.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Drop Shadow and Fade From}}}}\f0\fs20\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeproject.com/KB/dialog/notificationwindow.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Notification Window}}}}\f0\fs20\line - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/804316/Office-Style-Splash-Screen"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul Office Style Splash Screen}}}}\kerning0\b\f1\fs20\par
Typed Units Library\line {\kerning1\b0\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeproject.com/Articles/611731/Working-with-Units-and-Amounts"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul - Typed Units}}}}\kerning1\b0\f0\fs20\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\sb120 Commercial programs used by this software are described and licensed on the following sites:\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\sb120\tx9000 Core Message Box Library\line {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms365274.aspx"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul - SQL Exception Message}}}}\f0\fs20\par

\pard\cbpat6\nowidctlpar\sb120\kerning0\b\f1 IVI Library:\line {\kerning1\b0\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ivifoundation.org"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul - IVI VISA}}}}\kerning1\b0\f0\fs20\par
\kerning0\b\f1 NI Library:\line - {\kerning1\b0\f0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ni.com"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf3\cf4\ul NI VISA}}}}\f1\fs20\par

\pard\sb120\tx1080\kerning1\b0\f0\par
}
 